Introduce new `swift.excludePathsFromActivation` setting (#1693)
swiftlang/vscode-swift: userdocs/userdocs.docc/Articles/Reference/settings.md

This document outlines useful configuration options not covered by the settings descriptions in the extension settings page.

## Workspace Setup

### Multiple packages in workspace folder

If the workspace folder you open in VS Code contains multiple Swift packages:
```
<workspace folder>
    /proj1
        /Package.swift
    /proj2
        /Package.swift
    /aSubfolder
        /proj3
            /Package.swift
```

> You can enable the `searchSubfoldersForPackages` setting so the Swift extension can initializing all these projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can enable the `searchSubfoldersForPackages` setting so the Swift extension can initialize all the projects.
```
